# COVID-19: Origin and Pathogenesis

## Abstract
The __COVID-19__(stand for __“coronavirus disease”__ and 19 is the year this pandemic started,2019) pandemic is among one of the deadliest infectious diseases in recent history`(Morens et al. 2020)`. What makes it different from other viruses  was the specific mechanism for its emergence in humans remains unknown. A virus similar to the SARS COV-2(the pathogen causing the virus) has been discovered in bat of the genus Rhinolophus and in the Sunda pangolin(Mantis javanica)`(Desmarest 1822)`. It suggests that animals have played a key role in spreading this outbreak. The first case was noticed in the wet market of Wuhan,China in November 2019.  It is found that viruses can either be directly transmitted from bats(Rhinolophus) or by oral consumption or by the moisture created by the hound of Bat which is likely possible. But since it was started in the month of November it was quite unsure that bat consumption should be considered. As the size of bats are very small and generally not preferred for market. Now we found many evidence of poaching and smuggling of Pangolin(_Manis javanica_) in the area from China to Myanmar `(Hassanin et al. 2021)`. It can be another point which we can consider. Pangolin are the mammals which are believed to live separately so it is hard that they might get the infection in a crowd rather than one of theory suggest it is possible while smuggling they came in contact with Bat. Another theory suggests that they might have eaten the flesh of bats from the cave. Through smuggling it reaches a wet market and finally the consumption of Pangolin makes it  enter the Human. Throughout this paper we will be discovering many aspects on how the virus breaks and from where it originally originated. We will also consider the available data for Sarbecoviruses(virus related to SARS CoV and SARS COV-2) to propose all the hypotheses related to the Origin of COVID-19. Apart from discovering its origin we will also look at how much it is related with the present Human Coronavirus strains. Further we will study about the important component of this virus which is of course the pathogenesis of it. We will look into how much it is different from the other coronavirus in terms of mutation. At last we will see how we can identify important signatures that can significantly different under therapeutic(drug)  treatment and untreated condition.


Keywords: bats; covid-19; pangolins; SARS- CoV-2; virus;  wet market.


## Content
- Introduction
